hey guys sir junior gaming here and
today I'm going to show you how to set
up your PlayStation Eye camera to use as
a mic for the ps3 I'm doing this video
for my girls little brother it's gonna
be as birthday and she's buying him a
Playstation I so it's basically a
tutorial on how to set it up well the
first thing you want to do is make sure
that your you your PlayStation Eye is
connected to the USB port in front of
the PlayStation right in the bottom
there's two USB ports on the bottom left
side if you have the newer version of
the ps3 slim then once you turn on the
ps3 you want to go to settings all the
way to accessory settings down here
first you want to check out the miss
working a camera device its camera
device settings and now you guys gonna
have a visual of my games and my ps3 and
the wires and then you go to audio
device settings and for input device you
want it to be USB camera since the
camera is not a mic you want to use the
output device as system default device
that way it comes out the TV and just
press ok and basically that's it now you
can talk in the chat room or when you
plane and call a baby or something talk
through the mic the PlayStation Eye
without having to worry about it and
you're set you can hear from the TV and
talk through the PlayStation Eye just
make sure the PlayStation Eye is away
from the TV when you're speaking because
there will be a lot of feedback and
using the PlayStation Eye as a mic is
very annoying and picks up everything
picks up the craziness behind you
picks up everything trust me I used it
before and that's it guys I hope this
helps
you out I'm sorry jr. gaming and a mafia